communicated beauty , welcome to yet another
video on the channel the guys thank you very much
you who have seen our videos as
We always thank you here today for that
there and if you have not written it yet
well-known channel now sign up for
channel since we are always
posting videos on the top hat
thank you and worth come
province then
good people, finally we made a
good score there in the last round the 15th
made a 78.79 points a good score and
in the round we are happy there that the
people imitated this round the galley 78,79
a good score there, the average score was
help was high even everyone told
well because games were considered easy
to leave but we are still happy
our score and expect to continue like this
in this mean and points
come on then our team is the 16th
round the crowd
good people remembering that the scheme as
It's always 4 3 3, there for you and let's go.
Then goalkeeper our goalkeeper then guys
of continuous in Fernanda Prass was in the
Arm playing the palm trees plays against the
athletic paranaense home
I believe it's going to be a not so
easy for the palm trees and that was in the par
be demanded there and make good defenses
So we put fernando prass there.
guys on the second side
there
the egídio the egídio who is a player there
been playing very well made six points in the
last round adds 16 points 76 of the average
very good player and very good player
regular
the same egídio than what the palm trees
he did not take a goal he always scored well
then give them a second side
people are samuel xavier samuel xavier
I will not bet on him any more
now I had not bet on it but
I'll put it back on my team then he
has an average not very good but the sport
take the cruise home the guys and
Joinville at home, the sport has to go to
rainfall has to support rather than
believed in a film assist
xavier the noise of ball and by the side
Our first guys defender is the
inter is google or is not yet
confirmed that he will play the guys or
be silva do not play we will put
allan costa
we are betting behind the inter
net with the two quarterbacks of Inter
because because the interplay against the
chapecoense at home in the inter and do not take
so much goal I believe the backhand goes well
if the inter also does not score more than
zaga has not said not to take a goal and touched
behind the
ruan the same thing with ernando then
put the two of inter the next year
of a very good average and 5.5 player
fairly regular herniating roano only
three matches but is one of the most
experienced defender who does not commit
many faults that a pretty ball there
our socks galera 1º 6 is the elf of the
That 's a sport, that 's a half field there.
which has a good average 4.93 and whenever
enters and decides to go to the sport enters
difficult matches and tac that will be
holder only gives then we put
elber
We thought about putting diego souza
but it's a bit more expensive then you already own
a work in sports believes that it can
do a care or who knows how to do
a goal and the second is guys is edson
edson do fluminense
edson is a very regular player there
than the average of 16
the Rio de Janeiro was a guild in the guild
home I think I'm a difficult game
two teams that
get there at g4
so I believe the edson can
get along this part of the Imasen stolen
ball maybe even give assistance
for goal and our 3rd mega was the otávio
that even the player in
regular the top hat has an average of 6
points 83 was 6.10 the last round plays
against the palm trees outside the house
thought of the guy's reasoning the team was
very well against the corinthians too
out of the house corinthians is enough
up and otavio if the team did well
made 20 points if I 'm not mistaken in
It's true who 's even thinking about it.
that it works and that it makes good
score our new first
attacker on our tac right now we have
attacker nilmar nilmar inter
mark has a reasonably good average and
four points 94 did not come well the last
but we believe that at sea
is either the great attack option of the inter
there to win
the chapecoense then that believes neymar
not unimar and organized event and also
our the attacker that she is the rafael
Marquez from the palms because the people
put rafael marques do not remember
pear that comes very highly valued
means of also because we believe
that the group marks with this has many
lots of option to attack the palm trees
to say that you just have to work there
not to lose ownership too
hope he struggles a lot game
there make an assistance the thought a
goal and we have attacker non - myth guys
Paul the average warrior 7.8 in the top hat
Average baita 34 when 80 a little below
of what I've been doing more
He believes strongly in the bathroom with Paulo
best option of attack of flamengo né
We go from paula warrior following
the line of thought we have three
inter 3 players the palm trees
modified inter diego's coach
expected to make a good performance with the
average of inter players
Our team was like this, Fernando.
brazil and egídio samuel xavier rua ernando
elber edson otavio maria rafael marques
paulo and rio the technician diego aguirre
Our team price then stayed at 176 is
an expensive team really were only two
in the coffers of our heritage 178
many thanks to all of you who already
they saw a video is the one there and then you do not
forget never sign up for the channel
that we will always pass on the
How was that?
your team suggestion if you sent a
position any tips for us
To improve the crew, thank you very much and bye